Hi Students.

My name is David Mertz, and I'm an instructor for INE.  

I hope you will find that we have put together an engaging, informative, 
and useful collection of courses, here at INE.  We have so many wonderful
instructors here, as well as as really great production team that makes
these videos and live courses possible.

My path into this work is probably somewhat unusual.  I took a doctorate
in political philosophy, and worked in some funny areas often called
"post-structuralism."

That was a great delight to learn and teach, but after a few years of
university teaching, I made a transition into writing computer programs.
Besides the regular software development work, I had an opportunity for
about a decade in the 2000s to write the world's most widely read column 
on Python programming, called _Charming Python_.  Since then, I've also
written a number of books in Python or data science areas.

That was exciting, both to immerse myself each week or two, delving 
deeply into some software technique, library, or tool, but also the 
opportunity to help literally millions of readers who became able to 
do things they did not know how to before reading my articles.

In the last 10 or 15 years, I've had a number of other interesting—and
slightly accidental—opportunities.  I served for a number of years as
a Director of the Python Software Foundation.  I worked for about 8 years
with some of the most brilliant minds in the world, building the world's
fastest supercomputer, highly specialized for performing molecular dynamics
simulations.

For the last 6 years or so, I've really focused on scientific and numeric
computing, and flowing out of that the areas of knowledge that are 
alternately known as data science, machine learning, or artificial 
intelligence.  Take some of my courses, and you'll probably here me say
some words about how I perceive the arcane differences among those terms.

